wip: add description of features (#22)
mlabs-haskell/lambda-buffers: docs/comparison-matrix.md

| **Feature**                                            | **Proto Buffers** | **ADL**      | **JSON Schema** | **Lambda Buffers** | **CDDL** | **ASN.1**    |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|--------------|-----------------|--------------------|----------|--------------|
| Sum Types                                              | 🟢                | 🟢           | 🔴              | 🟢                 | 🟢       | 🟢           |
| Product Types                                          | 🔴                | 🔴           | 🔴              | 🟢                 | ❔       | 🔴           |
| Record Types                                           | 🟢                | 🟢           | 🟢              | 🟢                 | 🟢       | 🟢           |
| Recursive Types                                        | 🟢                | 🟢           | 🔴              | 🟢                 | 🟢       | ❔           |

> | Type functions (Generics)                              | 🔴                | 🟢           | 🔴              | 🟢                 | 🟢       | 🔴           |

Author: ```suggestion
| Parameterized Types (Generics)                              | 🔴                | 🟢           | 🔴              | 🟢                 | 🟢       | 🔴           |
```

are similar to `structs` in most programming languages.

### Recursive Types

Recursive types are defined by the presence of the LHS type in its RHS
definition. A classic example is:

```text
List a = Nil | Cons a (List a)
^^^^^^                 ^^^^^^
```

### Type Functions (Generics)

Type functions allow for the introduction of type variables in the LHS definition
of the term - creating a parametrised type definition. The classic example is
`Maybe a` which is the equivalento of `Option <A>` in rust:

```text
Maybe a = Nothing | Just a
```

Using the above type definition we can now define another type that uses `Maybe`
and instantiates it to use `Integer`

```text
Time_Saved_via_LambdaBuffers = Maybe Integer
```

### Type Annotations / Constraints

There exists a system of constraining or further annotating types - enriching
the type's specification.

### Add New Built-in Types

Refer to [./design](./design.md) - section `### Extensibility to new types`.

### Add New Type Semantics

Refer to [./design](./design.md) - section `### Extensibility to new semantics`.

### Manage Type Semantics (at Language Level)

> Refer to [./design](./design.md) - section `### Extensibility to new semantics`.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [design document](design.md#expressive-semantics-annotation)..
```

| Language specification                                 | 🟢                | 🟢           | 🟢              | 🟢                 | 🟢       | 🟢           |
| Backwards compatibility strategy                       | 🟢                | 🔴           | 🔴              | 🔴                 | 🔴       | 🔴           |

## Descriptions

### Sum Types

Types of the form `Time = Present | Past | Future`, which allow a type do be
constructed by one of many variants. Think Rust's `enums`.

### Product Types

Types of the form `Person = MkPerson Age Name`, where `MkPerson` is of Kind
`Type->Type->Type`. Product types combine multiple elements into one data type
without tagging the elements.

### Record Types

Types of the form `Person = MkPerson { age :: Age, name :: Name }`. Record types
are similar to `structs` in most programming languages.

### Recursive Types

Recursive types are defined by the presence of the LHS type in its RHS
definition. A classic example is:

```text
List a = Nil | Cons a (List a)
^^^^^^                 ^^^^^^
```

> ### Type Functions (Generics)

Reviewer: Perhaps it's better what @gnumonik suggested. `Parameterized Types (Generics)`?

Author: ```suggestion
### Parameterized Types (Generics)
```

Type functions allow for the introduction of type variables in the LHS definition

> of the term - creating a parametrised type definition. The classic example is

Reviewer: typo; should be parameterised? or even parameterized?

`Maybe a` which is the equivalento of `Option <A>` in rust:

```text
Maybe a = Nothing | Just a
```

Using the above type definition we can now define another type that uses `Maybe`
and instantiates it to use `Integer`

```text
Time_Saved_via_LambdaBuffers = Maybe Integer

> ```

Reviewer: lol

### Type Annotations / Constraints

:FIXME: @Drazen

### Add New Built-in Types

> Refer to [./design](./design.md) - section `### Extensibility to new types`.

Reviewer: ```
Refer to the [Design](design.md#extensible-to-new-types).
```

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to [design document](design.md#extensible-to-new-types).
```

### Add New Type Semantics

> Refer to [./design](./design.md) - section `### Extensibility to new semantics`.

Reviewer: ```
Refer to the [Design](design.md#extensible-to-new-semantics).
```

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [design document](design.md#extensible-to-new-semantics).
```

### Manage type semantics (at language level)

> Refer to [./design](./design.md) - section `### Extensibility to new semantics`.

Reviewer: ```
Refer to the [Design](design.md#expressive-semantics-annotation).
```

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [design document](design.md#expressive-semantics-annotation).
```
